he was one of the most brilliant CIA
operatives we ever had until he went
broke he's responsible for the deaths of
multiple agents this guy's just nothing
to walk into an American consulate
without good reason that's new in Cape
Town I heard his flight open up once lap
37 applicants every one of them with
more field experience than you how am I
supposed to get more experience I'm
staring at four walls all day let's stop
it Frost kill all those surveillance
cameras in this room number rule number
one you are responsible for your
houseguest I'm your houseguest they're
here for me but they want me alive you
don't kill time's a-wastin do that
tick-tock take
Kennedy you serious yeah
compromise
[Applause]
he's after us and I think you need to
consider how your safe house was
attacked in the first place that house
was a secure location
whoever crashed they were invited
someone told them someone you know
you're not gonna get in my head I'm
already in your head mausoleum fluffy
long so they're working together with
this guy at least I think Weston was
turned you can stay behind or you can
open your eyes
taking you in I want you to take me